## Exploratory Data Analysis on International Football History (1872-2022)

Among all the sports football is considered to be the most popular ones. It originated in the UK back in early 1800s. The Americans would like to call it as Soccer instead of football. FIFA is the governing body of football, commonly known as The Fédération Internationale de Football Association. On 21st May of 1904, FIFA was established in Paris with the purpose of overseeing the association of football on a global scale. Now, FIFA has become a family of more than 200 member countries. In the United States the sport is gaining lot of momentum and becoming quite popular among the young people. The FIFA estimates that millions of people play football and there are almost 3.5 billion followers of the sport globally.

The FIFA started hosting World Cup Tournaments from 1930 consisting of nations around the world. But the game was being played from the 18th century. We have created a dataset of International Men’s Football matches starting from 1872 to September of this year i.e. 2022. There are 44,059 match results included in the dataset. Friendly matches, FIFA World Cup matches, FIFA World Cup qualification matches and other major tournaments results are available in the dataset. A total of 139 different competitions’ results can be found in this dataset. There is an exception about the competitions, the football matches that were played on the Olympics are excluded from this dataset. Also, any matches that were played by B team or age wise international teams are excluded. There are 44,059 rows and 10 columns in the dataset.
